feat: add option to change default behaviour of `JSONFormatter` max depth (#9585)
bcit-ci/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/outgoing/api_responses.rst

.. literalinclude:: api_responses/003.php

> .. note:: Since ``v4.7.0``, you can change the default JSON formatting depth by editing **app/Config/Format.php**. The ``$jsonDepthOptions`` value defines the maximum depth, with a default of ``512``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: Since ``v4.7.0``, you can change the default JSON encoding depth by editing **app/Config/Format.php** file. The ``$jsonEncodeDepth`` value defines the maximum depth, with a default of ``512``.
```
